very good people and are welcome to
a new video about how to get
the snowball
the noble who is the item that attracts the
legion of frost well
for this item
can be obtained from the gifts that
they are surrounded by monsters from 15 to
December 30 and the probabilities that
come out are about 7.33
approximately
this is the good item I recommend you if
they do not see it put on the screen
complete
this is the item that invokes it and here
these are the gifts where they can
find them
and well because you need to kill
to this legion destroy this legion and
simply because without it
we would get santa claus
is a villager who will also appear
December 15 to 30
and he will sell us things or he will move to your
home and sell things well for
protect yourself from
of this band because they have to put something together
like this well with lava can use
a single bouquet and they put it and take it out
will have lava
the lava will double
and they have to do something like this to
that to protect yourself you are good
a wall because it had enlarged
because it is not going to be that they do parco with
the highs that pay that hit and that
go to the other side
because we would lose the reward that we
will kill him well this is so that more or
unless they jump here do not escape and
this room here is so that when
die here because we go and
We collect the coins as now
good
okay
all right
well I do not know if now I realize
It seems to me that they will not be able to pick up
many coins but good
well you get in here and with
the item this is clicked and call the
legion good look what
these little monsters will go only spam
where you wait to see
this is where you go they will go
that I pain myself in the spa so well
Well now I 'm going to put it on camera
quick to see how they kill themselves
and it seems that the whole
the legion, there is almost no more coming
and it comes approximately I've joined 22
gold coins with 96 silver and 82
good copper coins this I had it
from before but good and what there is
some coin that have been burned I
I say that you put this less lava
so they can put the coins together
because I think if you put the minimum
of the cigar more so the coins will remain
there and they will not burn like I did
this error now and I burned
coins
so good
I would be fired before the night
and well if you liked the video you
it served then like it and you can
subscribe since since this is the
channel where videos are uploaded
would close only videos of terrarium
will go up in this channel
I leave
greetings and goodbye